                                  UNISIM-VP

UNISIM-VP is a processor simulation framework designed primarily for dynamic
binary code analysis. Its goal is to facilitate tasks such as software
introspection, debugging, validation, and verification. The UNISIM-VP tools are
intended to enhance the quality, safety, and security of critical software in
embedded and cyber-physical systems.

Utilizing processor simulators, UNISIM-VP runs real code at the machine code
level. Using various advanced techniques for software and hardware emulation it
can provide an execution environment that closely mimics the final
environment. Complex environments such as embedded systems, critical systems,
and cyber-physical systems (CPS) are a primary concern. This ability to
faithfully simulate code execution allows for the detection and correction of
errors before deployment on actual hardware.

UNISIM-VP's simulation platforms offer advanced software analysis techniques,
including dynamic tainting, fuzzing, and semi-symbolic execution within fully
simulated systems. These platforms enable automatic and detailed observation of
system behavior. The simulation platform is composed of a comprehensive and
modular set of librabry design to easily assemble a wide range of tools
(e.g. debuggers, fuzzers). These tools allow for thorough examination and
validation of software behavior in simulated environments.

UNISIM-VP was born as a joint open-source initiative by CEA List, INRIA Futurs,
and Princeton University. UNISIM-VP's origins lie in hardware simulation and the
framework was initially designed for the development, debugging, and
exploitation of hardware models. While acknowledging the importance of its
historical roots, the project has constantly evolved toward software validation
and verification, thanks to its enthusiastic contributors and industrial
use-cases.

UNISIM-VP have also benefited from the collaboration of other prestigious
institutions such as Brigham Young University, Universitat Politècnica de
Catalunya, Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Ghent University, Perpignan
University, Versailles University, Sorbonne University, ARM, ST Microelectronics
and Thales.

UNISIM-VP offers:
  (1) Libraries and tools for developing software validation tools;
  (2) A library of software and hardware models (CPUs, memories, peripherals);
  (3) Several tools to facilitate the development, debugging, and exploitation of system models.
